LIMITED LICENSE AGREEMENT 

This limited license agreement ("Agreement") grants you ("You") a limited right 
to use the Software Development Kit (“SDK”) and other software and related files
that you have downloaded, or otherwise obtained, which includes software owned 
by Inseye Inc. with its registered seat in New York, USA, at: 6 Eliza Street, 
Beacon NY 12508, USA ("Inseye"), ("Licensed Software") according to the 
following terms and conditions.  

You enter into this Agreement by installing or using the Licensed Software. 

Inseye and You are a “Party” to this Agreement and referred to together as 
“Parties”. 

WHEREAS: 

A.  Inseye is a supplier of hardware and software solutions, either standalone 
    or as part of third-party products, for eye tracking which contain 
    intellectual property rights owned by Inseye; 

B.  You desire to license from Inseye to use certain Licensed Software as 
    defined by this Agreement.

BY DOWNLOADING, INSTALLING, USING, ACCESSING OR DISTRIBUTING THE LICENSED 
SOFTWARE YOU AGREE THAT: 

§ 1. PURPOSE 

1.  The Licensed Software may be used only for personal and non-commercial use 
    under this Agreement. 

2.  Under this Agreement, you may not develop software that stores eye tracking 
    data or transfers eye tracking data to another device or network. 

3.  Under this Agreement, you may not develop software for medical solutions or 
    medical equipment.  

4.  No support or maintenance for the Licensed Software is provided to you under
    this Agreement or any other services which are not explicitly stated herein.

5.  Please note that the Licensed Software is only for use with Inseye's related
    hardware and software, and you may not use it to develop or evaluate 
    competing eye tracking technologies.  

6.  You may only enter into this Agreement and use the Licensed Software if you 
    are legally permitted to enter into a binding contract with Inseye.  

7.  The terms of this Agreement will apply to any updates that Inseye makes 
    available to You. You agree that updates may require You to change or update
    your application and may affect your ability to use, access or interact with
    Licensed Software. Inseye may amend this Agreement at any time, without 
    notice to You, by posting the revised terms on website 
    https://github.com/Inseye/Licenses/blob/master/SDKLicense.txt.    

§ 2. DEFINITIONS 

The terms below are defined as follows under this Agreement:  

“Eye Tracking Data” means data about a user’s eye gaze, eye images, pupil size,
facial expression, presence, behaviour, head pose or position from Inseye Eye 
Tracking, in raw or processed form, on its own or in combination with other 
information.    

“Intellectual Property Rights” means patents, rights to apply for patents, 
trademarks, trade names, service marks, domain names, copyrights and all 
applications and registrations of such worldwide, schematics, industrial models,
inventions, know-how, trade secrets, computer software programs and other 
intangible proprietary information.  

“Licensed Software” means the Software provided to You by Inseye, including the
SDK, all included files, directories, documentation, and associated API function 
calls.  

“Your Software” means software developed by You, including all object code, 
source code, and any documentation thereof. 

§ 3. PERMITTED USE 

1.  Inseye provides You limited rights to use the Licensed Software subject to
    the terms and restrictions contained in this Agreement.

2.  Your use of the Licensed Software is strictly permitted solely to develop
    Software for your own personal and non-commercial use (“Your Use”). 

§ 4. LICENSE 

1.  Subject to terms of this Agreement, Inseye grants You a limited, 
    non-exclusive, non-transferable, non-sublicensable, royalty-free, revocable, 
    license: 
        a)  to use the Licensed Software solely to develop Your Software for 
            Your Use; and 
        b)  to any Intellectual Property Rights owned by Inseye covering binary 
            files, or example source code, in the Licensed Software, necessary 
            for Your Use.

2.  The license covers fields of exploitation for:  
    *   permanent or temporary reproduction of the Licensed Software in whole or 
        in part by any means and in any form; to the extent that reproduction is    
        necessary for the introduction, display, use, transmission and storage 
        of the Licensed Software, these activities require the permission of the 
        authorized party; 
    *   translation, adaptation, rearrangement or any other changes in the 
        Licensed Software, with preservation of the rights of the person who 
        made such changes; 

3.  The grant of the license shall not be limited in territory and shall 
    cover the entire world.

4.  You are authorized to exercise subsidiary rights to the Licensed Software, 
    in particular, You are authorized to make modifications, changes, additions, 
    adaptations or alterations to the Licensed Software.

5.  The Parties agree on the following content of the legal notice that shall 
    accompany the fixation, reproduction and distribution of the Licensed 
    Software by You owned by Inseye Inc.

6.  You are absolutely prohibited from granting further licenses (sublicenses) 
    concerning the Licensed Software or its parts (fragments) to any third 
    parties (entities), regardless of the formal legal basis of such sublicense, 
    the legal title of such sublicense, the name of the agreement, etc.  

7.  The license rights in this Paragraph are conditional upon compliance with 
    all terms in this Agreement and, specifically, the following:
    a)  You may not commercialise, sell, lease or profit from Your Software, 
        including by providing ancillary services in relation to it.
    b)  You may not use the Licensed Software on other eye tracking platforms 
        than those produced by Inseye, or platforms that include Inseye's 
        hardware. 
    c)  Your Software may not store or transfer the Eye Tracking Data on or to 
        any other application, computing device or network.
    d)  Your Software must not allow other software to access Eye Tracking
        Data that originates from the Licensed Software.  

§ 5. USE RESTRICTIONS

1.  Except as expressly permitted by this Agreement, You will not, nor permit or 
    authorize anyone to:
    a)  distribute, convey, lend, lease, share, sell, transfer, sublicense, 
        rent, or time share the Licensed Software, or any of its components or 
        license files, or permit third parties to download or install the 
        Licensed Software;
    b)  copy, decompile, disassemble or reverse engineer or otherwise attempt to
        extract or derive the source code or any methods, algorithms or 
        procedures from the Licensed Software, or modify, adapt, translate or 
        create derivative works based upon the Inseye's products except as 
        otherwise expressly permitted by applicable law; 
    c)  use the Licensed Software if You are a competitor, or use the Licensed
        Software in any manner that competes with Inseye, including but not
        limited to, benchmarking, collecting and publishing data or analysis
        relating to the performance of the Licensed Software, or developing or
        marketing a product that is competitive with any Inseye's product or
        service; 
    d)  remove any copyright, trademark or other proprietary notice from the
        Licensed Software;
    e)  alter or circumvent any product, key or license restrictions or
        limitations on Licensed Software to exceed purchased quantities or to
        defeat any restrictions on access or use. 

§ 6. OWNERSHIP OF LICENSED SOFTWARE 

Except for the licenses explicitly granted to You, Inseye retains all right, 
title, and interest in and to the Licensed Software, including all updates and 
modifications and derivative works created, whether or not specifically
recognized, registered, or perfected under the laws of the country in which the 
Licensed Software is located.  You do not own any rights, including the
copyright or any other Intellectual Property Rights, in the Licensed Software.  
Your rights to use the Licensed Software are strictly as specified in this 
Agreement. 

§ 7. USAGE DATA TO ENHANCE USER EXPERIENCE 

The Licensed Software may report anonymous usage statistics and/or error and bug
reports to Inseye's servers in order to identify problems that may affect the 
technical stability and/or overall quality of the application, as well as inform 
Inseye which of the program components have been in use. For the avoidance of 
doubt, this data does not include Eye Tracking Data. 

§ 8. SUPPORT & MAINTENANCE 

Inseye will not provide You with any support for, or maintenance of, the 
Licensed Software, including no obligation to provide updates to the Licensed 
Software. 

§ 9. MEDICAL OR HIGH-RISK USE 

1.  You may not develop Your Software for Medical Use under this Agreement. 
    “Medical Use” is any use in medically classified devices or environments, 
    for instance hospitals, surgeries, or other healthcare environments. 
    Examples of Medical Use include systems for Assistive and Alternative 
    Communication (AAC), medical condition assessment solutions, vision or eye 
    condition solutions and solutions or systems intended to be used in 
    hospitals, surgeries and doctor’s consulting rooms.

2.  You have no right to develop Your Software for High-Risk Use. 
    “High Risk Use” is use in any environment where failure or fault of any kind 
    could lead to death or serious bodily injury of any person, or to severe 
    physical or environmental damage.  High Risk Use includes, but is not 
    limited to,  aircraft navigation, control of other modes of human mass 
    transportation, military applications and control of nuclear or chemical 
    facilities.

 § 10. LIMITATION OF LIABILITY AND INDEMNIFICATION

 1. In no event will Inseye be liable for the following, whether arising out of 
    the use of, or inability to use, the Licensed Software, or for any other 
    reason, even if it has been advised of the possibility of such damages: 
    (a) indirect, incidental, special or consequential damages; 
    (b) loss or corruption of data or interrupted or loss of business; 
    or (c) loss of revenue, profits, goodwill or anticipated sales or savings. 
    Inseye and its affiliates, officers, directors, employees, agents and 
    suppliers’ maximum liability arising out of, or in connection with, the 
    Licensed Software regardless of the cause of action, whether in tort 
    (including negligence), breach, warranty, contract or otherwise will not 
    exceed USD $100. Some jurisdictions do not allow the limitation or exclusion 
    of liability.   Accordingly, some of these limitations may not apply to You.  
    To the extent that Inseye may not, as a matter of applicable law, disclaim 
    any implied warranty or limit its liabilities, the scope of duration of such 
    warranty and the extent of Inseye’s liability shall be the minimum permitted 
    under such applicable law. 

2.  You agree to indemnify, defend and hold harmless Inseye and its licensors, 
    affiliates, contractors, officers, directors, employees or agents from any 
    and all third-party claims, liabilities, damages, costs and expenses, 
    including reasonable attorney fees, arising from your violation of any 
    provision of this Agreement. 
 
§ 11. TERM AND TERMINATION

1.  This Agreement remains in force until termination. 

2.  Inseye may terminate this Agreement at any time for convenience. 

3.  Upon termination, all obligations relating to the ownership of the Licensed 
    Technology and any indemnification or liability obligations survive.

§ 12. GENERAL 

1.  Inseye may amend this Agreement at any time, without notice to You,
    by posting the revised terms on website 
    https://github.com/Inseye/Licenses/blob/master/SDKLicense.txt. 

2.  You may not assign this Agreement or any of its rights, interests, 
    or obligations hereunder. 

3.  Inseye makes no warranty, either express or implied, relating to the 
    Licensed Software and Inseye further expressly disclaims, to the extent 
    permitted by applicable law, all warranties and conditions of any kind 
    related thereto, whether express or implied, including but not limited to, 
    any implied warranties and conditions of merchantability, accuracy, 
    or fitness for a particular purpose. 

4.  This Agreement will be governed by and construed according to the laws of 
    the United States state of New York (without regard to conflict of laws 
    principles), all rights and remedies being governed by said laws. 
    Any dispute or conflict under this Agreement shall be finally settled by the 
    court competent for registered seat of Inseye.   

5.  Regardless of the above governing law, Inseye may seek interim injunctive 
    relief respect to any alleged breach of its Intellectual Property Rights, or 
    any other proprietary rights. 

6.  You shall keep all information related to the Licensed Software confidential 
    and You shall not disclose such information to any third party without 
    Inseye's prior written consent.